Fix grammar (#2078)
flyteorg/flyte: rsts/concepts/schedules.rst

Schedules
==========

> Workflows can be run automatically using `schedules <https://docs.flyte.org/projects/cookbook/en/latest/auto/core/scheduled_workflows/lp_schedules.html#scheduling-workflows>`_ associated with launch plans. 

Reviewer: Can you use :ref:?

At most, only one launch plan version for a given {Project, Domain, Name} combination can be active, which means, at most, only one schedule can be active for a launch plan. This is because only one active schedule can exist across all versions of the launch plan. 

> However, a :ref:`workflow <divedeep-workflows>` version can have multiple schedules associated with it, given that these schedules exist as versions of different launch plans. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To clarify, a :ref:`workflow <divedeep-workflows>` version can have multiple schedules associated with it, given that these schedules exist as versions of different launch plans. 
```

> Creating a new schedule creates a new version of that launch plan too.
> If you wish to change a schedule, you will have to create a new version of that launch plan since a **schedule can't be edited**.
> 
> The Admin keeps track of the newly added schedules, and searches through all the versions of launch plans to set them to 'deactivated'.
> 
> The launch plan versions with schedules that were previously deactivated can be manually used, by clicking on ``Launch`` and selecting the specific launch plan version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a new schedule creates a new version of a launch plan.
If you wish to change a schedule, you will have to create a new version of that launch plan since a **schedule cannot be edited**.

FlyteAdmin keeps track of the newly-added schedules, and searches through all the versions of launch plans to set them to 'deactivated'.

The launch plan versions with schedules that were previously deactivated can be manually used, by clicking on the launch button and selecting the specific launch plan version. 
```

> Schedules can define a cron_expression_. or rate_unit_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's look at how schedules can be defined through cron_expression_. or rate_unit_.
```
